BRAND AND ASSET USAGE GUIDELINES FOR OUR GAMES

All of our games are really important to us and to our community, which means
that lots of you want to use our Brands and the things around our games to do
cool stuff. We're happy about that. Sometimes, however, people go too far and do
things that make the community think that their products and services are
connected with or endorsed by us or even produced by us. We are not happy about
that. Especially when people do it deliberately to take unfair advantage of the
community and our work in that way. When that happens, fans buy things thinking
they are official when they are not. That means we can't control quality etc.
which diminishes the value of the work we have done and the trust that our
community has in what we do.

We want you to keep doing the cool stuff that you do and so these Guidelines are
intended to help everyone understand what we consider to be fair and unfair use
of our "Name", "Brands" and "Assets". We've had some help from some lawyers and
they will also help us if we need to take further steps to protect our rights
but the purpose of these "Guidelines" is to give some clarity on what you can do
without having to contact us (or our lawyers) and what you mustn't do or else we
(or our lawyers) will have to contact you. We hope you understand.
GUIDELINES

These Guidelines cover the use of our Brands and our Assets. For these purposes,
when we refer to:

    - a "Name" what we mean is the name of any one of our games, taglines,
	features, events, or company identity, as well as any names which are
	confusingly similar to the names of any of our games, taglines, features,
	events, or company identity;
    - our "Brands" what we mean is any Names and/or the related logos and
	distinctive characteristics of any of our Names and games;
    - our "Assets" what we mean is the code, software, graphics, textures,
	images, models, sound and audio from any of our games and any videos or
	screenshots taken from or our games.

These Guidelines apply in addition to and not in place of our Account Terms or
End User License Agreements (EULAs). Please remember that we have always said in
our EULAs that we have one major rule: do not distribute anything we've made.
This means don't:

    - give copies of our games to anyone else;
    - make commercial use of anything we've made (including our Names, Brands,
	and Assets);
    - try to make money from anything we've made (including our Names, Brands,
	and Assets); or
    - let other people get access to anything we've made in a way that is
	unfair or unreasonable;

unless we specifically agree to it or allow it.

These Guidelines do not change that principle but are intended to help people
understand what we expect and want.

Please also check back here from time to time because we may update these
guidelines and provide further guidance.

ESSENTIAL REQUIREMENTS

The first thing to say is that there are Essential Requirements that apply to
all use of our Names, Brands, and Assets. If you are using any part of any Name,
any of our Brands and /or any of our Assets, then what you are doing MUST:

    - NOT make people think that you or what you are doing is official; approved
	or endorsed by us; or associated or connected with us;
    - NOT be unlawful, deceptive, obscene, harmful or disparaging;
    - NOT take action that would harm or damage any of our Brands or any of our
	Assets;
    - NOT include anything else around it that makes people think that you or
	what you are doing is official; approved or endorsed by us; or associated or
	connected with us;
    - comply with the relevant Account Terms/EULA; and
    - sufficiently differentiate the use of any Name you are using from any
	other branding.

These are the "Essential Requirements".

WHAT YOU CAN DO

Non-Commercial Things

We are very relaxed about things you create for yourself. Pretty much anything
goes there - so go for it, have fun, and just don't distribute anything we've
made.

We are also quite relaxed about other non-commercial things so feel free to
create and share videos, screen shots, independently created mods (that don't
use any of our Assets), fan art, machinima, etc.

However, if you want to use any Name in the title of a product that you
distribute or service that you provide (even if it is for free) then you have
to:

    - follow the Essential Requirements;
    - do so in a way that honestly and fairly describes those things or the
	purpose of them;
    - ensure that the Name (which includes any confusingly similar name) is not
	the first word, doesn't use any other aspect of any of our Brands or Assets
	as part of any related branding, including as or as part of any logo; and
    - make it clear that the product is unofficial and not from Minecraft or
	approved by Minecraft.

This applies especially if you want to set up and run any non-commercial blogs,
servers, community forums, fan sites, fan clubs, news groups, events and
gatherings.

COMMERCIAL THINGS

We are less relaxed about commercial things. You may not use any Names in or as
the main name or title of commercial things.

You may use a Name in a secondary name or title if you:

    - do so because it is necessary to honestly and fairly describe those things
	or the purpose of them;
    - follow the Essential Requirements;
    - ensure that the secondary title (which includes a Name or any confusingly
	similar name) is not the dominant element or the distinctive part of the
	complete name or title; and
    - don't use any other aspect of any of our Brands or Assets as part of any
	related branding, including as or as part of any logo.

To help you we've suggested the following examples:

    - Kotoba Miners: A Minecraft server for learning " (we're cool with that).
    - "Minecraft - the ultimate server for learning" (we're NOT cool with that)

You may not make any other commercial use of any of our Brands or Assets. For
example, you may not sell any merchandise that uses any of our Brands or Assets
and you definitely may not use our Names as keywords or search tags for products
that have no relationship with them or that are infringing or counterfeit.

We love the idea of people doing cool things with our games and sharing those
things with the community. That's something we totally support and encourage. So
please feel free to do so but please also make sure you don't go too far. For
additional information, consult the Commercial Usage Guidelines
<https://account.mojang.com/terms#commercial> (which are outside the scope of
and do not form a part this agreement).

In addition to the specifics set out above, where we do allow you to do
something you will always need to add a notice as follows:

    - NOT AN OFFICIAL MINECRAFT PRODUCT. NOT APPROVED BY OR ASSOCIATED WITH
	MOJANG.

VIDEOS AND SCREENSHOTS

You are allowed to put footage of our game on YouTube or any other website. In
fact, we like you doing so.

So long as you stay within the Essential Requirements:

You may create, use and distribute videos of you playing or using our game for
any lawful reason provided that you don't make any money from them.

However, you may make money using your videos of our game by, for instance,
through ad revenue, as long as you also add your own unique content to the
video, such as audio commentary. The amount you add must also be enough to make
it fair and worthwhile for someone to pay for it or for you to make money from
it. For example you couldn't just include your logo, web address or indent but
you could add an audio commentary or your own music if you are creating a music
video.

You may also make money using videos and screen-shots if it is covered by so
called "fair dealing" or "fair use" exceptions to copyright, such as where it is
for criticism and review, reporting current affairs etc. In each case, you will
still need to add appropriate additional content and credits where applicable.

...more will follow as and when we decide what to add - so feel free to make
requests.

If something isn't covered by these Guidelines and we haven't otherwise said
it's okay, that probably means we don't want you to do it. In any case if it
isn't covered please don't do it without getting written permission from us. You
can contact us at brands at mojang.com. If something is specifically covered and
permitted by these Guidelines, our Account Terms or EULAs applicable to any of
our games then you don't need to contact us.
